{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Roman 10cpi;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info
{\author Andr\'e9 Needham}{\operator Andr\'e9 Needham}{\creatim\yr1994\mo1\dy1\hr21\min22}{\revtim\yr1994\mo1\dy1\hr21\min22}{\version2}{\edmins43}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16433}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} intro}}{\b\f4  }{\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Introduction}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 100}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Introduction}}{\fs16\up6  }
{\b\f4 Introduction:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 Mile Bones is a Windows card game which simulates a driving trip.  The object of the game is to be the first to reach 700 miles (or 1000 miles under an }{\f4\uldb extension}{\v\f4 extension}{\f4 
).  There are four types of cards that make up the 101 card deck:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Mileage Cards:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 These come in five distances:  25, 50, 75, 100, and 200 miles.  Playing these (when you can go) will increase your total mileage.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Hazard Cards (also called "dirt"):}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
The five hazard cards are Out of Gas, Flat Tire, Accident, Speed Limit, and Stop.  You can play these on the computer (if you have them) to hinder the computer's progress towards the 700 or 1000 mile goal.  Of course, the computer can do the same to you!}
{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Remedy Cards:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 These are used to counteract the Hazard cards the computer plays on you (or vice versa).  The five cards are:  Gasoline, Spare Tire, Repairs, End of Limit, and Go.  These cards are only temporary; if you}{\f4 
 use a Go to remove a Stop, the computer can play another Stop on you.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Safeties:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
In contrast to the above, Safeties counteract Hazards permanently (well, at least until the current game ends).  Unlike Remedies, Safeties can be played at any time, whether or not a hazard has been played on you.  If you are lucky enough to get and play 
}{\f4 all four Safeties (Extra Tank, Puncture Proof, Driving Ace, and Right of Way) you will be unstoppable!}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 How many of each card are there?}{\b\f4 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx2880 {\f4 Safeties:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 1 Extra Tank}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 1 Puncture Proof}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbxtank.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbpprf.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 1 Driving Ace}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 1 Right of Way}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbdace.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbrway.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Remedies:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 6 Gasoline}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 6 Spare Tire}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbgas.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbstire.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 6 Repairs}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 6 End of Limit}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbrep.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbeolim.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 14 Go}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbgo.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Hazards:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 2 Out of Gas}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 2 Flat Tire}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbnogas.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbftire.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 2 Accident}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 3 Speed Limit}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbacc.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbsplim.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 4 Stop}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mbstop.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Mileage:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 10 25mile}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 10 50mile}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mb25.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mb50.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 10 75mile}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 12 100mile}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mb75.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mb100.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 4 200mile}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc mb200.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }\pard {\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 How do the cards relate to each other?}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
Each Hazard matches up with a Remedy and a Safety.  In other words, if the computer plays the Hazard "Stop" on you, you need to either play the Remedy "Go" or the Safety "Right Of Way" before you can play any more mileage.  Here's a table showing how ever
}{\f4 ything relates:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Hazard}{\b\f4 \tab }{\b\f4 \tab }{\b\f4 Remedy}{\b\f4 \tab }{\b\f4 \tab }{\b\f4 Safety}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Stop}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab \tab }{\f4 Go}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab \tab }{\f4 Right Of Way}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Speed Limit}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 End of Limit}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Right Of Way}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Accident}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Repairs}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Driving Ace}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Flat Tire}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Spare Tire}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Puncture Proof}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Out of Gas}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Gasoline}{\f4 \tab }{\f4 \tab }{\f4 Extra Tank}{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} playing}}{\fs16\up6  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Playing the game}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} 200}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Playing the game}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f4 Playing the Game:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 When you first start the game up under Windows, you will see three rows of rectangles.  These are places where cards will either be placed, picked up, or displayed.  }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 The first two rows of rectangles deal with the human player (that's you!).  The leftmost rectangle in the top row is your Battle pile.  This is where you will play a Go to start the game, where the computer will play }{\f4\uldb Hazards}{\v\f4 
dhazard}{\f4 , and where you will play }{\f4\uldb Remedies}{\v\f4 dremedy}{\f4  or }{\f4\uldb Safeties}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4 
.  To the right of that is the Speed Limit rectangle.  The computer plays a Speed Limit here, and you play the End of Limit card (if you have one) to remove the Speed Limit.  The space to the right of this is where your Safeties, if any, will be shown.  (
}{\f4 
However, you play all Safeties onto the Battle pile, not here.)  The next rectangle to the right will contain the number of miles you have played.  This is where you play mileage cards.  Finally, the last rectangle in the top row is the Draw deck.  At the
}{\f4  s}{\f4 
tart of your turn, you can move the mouse cursor over this and click the left mouse button to add a card to your hand (assuming the deck isn't empty).  Those without a mouse can use the arrow keys to move the cursor, and the spacebar or the Enter key to s
}{\f4 elect with.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 The first seven rectangles in the second row represent your hand.  At the start of a turn, you will have six cards.  Once you draw a card, you must either play or discard a card to end your turn.  To play a card, first move the cursor over th}{\f4 
e card and click the left mouse button.  Now "drag" the card by moving the mouse (keep holding the left button down), then let go of the button to "drop" it on one of five other places (described either above or below) to play the card, or on the Discard 
}{\f4 Deck below and to the right of your hand to throw the card away.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 The last row of rectangles is identical to the first, except that it shows the computer's Battle, Speed Limit, Safeties, and Miles played.  At the far right is the Discard Deck.  This will }{\f4 
show the last card discarded by you or by the computer.  This can be useful in guessing what cards the computer has or doesn't have.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} wherecard}}{\fs16\up6  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Where can a card be played?}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 300}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Playing cards}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f4 Where can a card be played?}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 It depends on what card you have selected.  If you want to play a }{\f4\uldb Hazard}{\v\f4\uldb dhazard}{\f4 
 card on the computer, click on the card in your hand, drag it to either the computer's Battle or Speed Limit rectangle (the two squares on the left on the bottom row), and drop it there.  You }{\f4 
will not be able to do this if the computer is already stopped or has a }{\f4\uldb Safety}{\v\f4\uldb dsafety}{\f4  that protects against the Hazard you are trying to play on it.  You can play Safeties and }{\f4\uldb Remedies}{\v\f4\uldb dremedy}{\f4 
 on either of the first two squares on the left side of the top row.  Mileage cards, however, must be played on your Mileage pile (in the top row, below the word "Miles:").}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 If you want to discard a card, drag the card to the "Discard:" pile.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 You can also double-click on any card in your hand to "smart-play" it.  If playing the card is a valid move, it will be played.  Otherwise it will be discarded.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} whencard}}{\fs16\up6  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} When can a card be played?}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 400}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Playing cards}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f4 When can a card be played?}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 This is a bit more complex.  At the start of the game, you must either play a Go or Right of Way on your Battle pile before you can play any mileage.  (This is tr}{\f4 
ue throughout the game; you can only play mileage if you have a Go or Right of Way.)}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\i\f4 Mileage Cards:}{\i\f4 
\par }{\f4 You (and the computer) can play only two 200 mile cards in a single game.  Also, if you are under a Speed Limit, you must play mileage of 25 or 50 only.  If you are very close to 700 points (or 1000 if you }{\f4\uldb extended}{\v\f4 extension}{\f4 
 the game) you can only play up to the exact mileage needed to finish the game.  That is, if you have 650 points, you can only }{\f4 play a 25 or 50 mile card since larger mileage cards would put you over 700.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\i\f4 Remedy Cards:}{\i\f4 
\par }{\f4 
Except for the "Go" card, remedy cards can only be played when the computer has played a Hazard on you.  Once you play a Remedy, you can then play a Go on top of it to continue playing mileage.  If you have previously played a Right of Way, however, you c
}{\f4 an play mileage immediately, since you don't need a Go.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\i\f4 Safety Cards:}{\i\f4 
\par }{\f4 You can play a Safety card whenever you want.  If you play one during your turn, you get}{\f4  another turn before the computer does.  In a special case, you can also play a Safety before you have even drawn a card.  This is called a Coup Fourr}{
\f4 \'e9}{\f4 
 (or counterattack in English).  If the computer plays "dirt" (a Hazard) on you during its turn, you should not draw a card at the start of your turn, but instead select the correct Safety (an Extra Tank to counter an Out of Gas, for example) and play it 
}{\f4 on your Battle pile.  This will net y}{\f4 ou 400 points instead of the standard 100 for playing a Safety normal}{\f4 
ly.  You will automatically be given two cards off the Draw Deck (if it isn't empty) and it will still be your turn.  You will see a red outline around the Safety when it is displayed on the screen.  The computer can also do a Coup Fourr}{\f4 \'e9}{\f4 
, so be careful.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} extension}}{\fs16\up6  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} What is an Extension?}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} 500}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Extension}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f4 What is an Extension?}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
When you have played exactly 700 miles (you cannot go over) the computer will ask if you wish to extend the game to 1000 miles.  If you answer No, you will win the game. If you answer Yes, you must play to exactly 1000 miles before you win the game (and t
}{\f4 he computer might just beat you to it).  Winning the game on an Extension will add 200 points to your score.  }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} endgame}}{\fs16\up6  ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} End of game}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 600}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} End of game; Scoring}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f4 End of Game:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 The game will end if either you or the computer reaches 700 or 10}{\f4 
00 miles.  However, if neither player can finish, the Draw Deck will run out.  You must then play whatever cards you can and discard the rest.  When your hand is empty, the game will be over.  If you manage to reach 700 or 1000 miles after the deck runs o
}{\f4 ut, you earn 300 points for Delayed Action.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4      }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Once the game is over, you will see the scoring dialog box. Most of the items in this list are easy to understand or have already been explained, but here are some extra details. Trip Completed means that }{\f4 
you reached the 700 or 1000 mile goal first (you won the game).  Shutout means the computer (or maybe even you) played no Mileage cards during the game.  The other player earns 500 points for this.  If you win and did not play any 200 mile cards, you get 
}{\f4 300 points for a Safe Trip.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 The Grand Total shows the total score from previous games, until either you or the computer (yes, this does happen) reaches 5000 or more points.  Then the Grand Total resets to 0.  If your score was high enough, your name will}{\f4 
 be entered in the }{\f4\uldb High Score Table}{\v\f4 hiscore}{\f4 .}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} hiscore}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} High Score Table}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 601}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} High Score Table; scoring}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 High Score Table}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 You qualify for the High Score table if the score you reach is one of the three highest over 5000 points, or if the difference between your score and the computer's score (the spread) is one of the three highest.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \line }{\f4 If you click the "Clear scores" button you will erase any high score records saved in the mb.ini file.}{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} login}}{\b\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Name Entry Dialog Box}}{\b\f4  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 602}}{\b\f4  }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Name Entry Dialog Box}}{\b\f4  Name Entry Dialog Box}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 When you first start Mile Bones, you will be asked to enter a name.  This is the name that will be used for the }{\f4\uldb High Score Table}{\v\f4 hiscore}{\f4 
.  This can be any string of characters up to 31 letters.  The computer will list its name as "Computer" if it gets a high score.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} options}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Options Dialog Box}}{\fs16\up6  +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 +} 603}}{\fs16\up6  K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Options Dialog Box}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Options Dialog Box}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 You can set options in this dialog box that affect how cards are shown and played.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Method for playing a card:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
If you want to play your cards by clicking on them, then "dragging" them where you want, and letting go of the mouse button to drop them there, pick "Drag and drop".  If you want to click the card to select it, then click where you want to play it (or if 
}{\f4 you don't have a mouse) pick the "Click card, click where to drop" option.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Auto-sort your cards:}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 If you want the cards in your hand automatically sorted for you (to make it easier to see what's in your hand) }{\f4 turn the checkbox on}{\f4 .  If}{\f4  you don't want them sorted, or want to sort them manually by clicking and dragging them, }{
\f4 uncheck}{\f4  the checkbox}{\f4 .}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\b\f4 Disable name input on startup:
\par }{\f4 If you don't want to see the "Wh}{\f4 o are you?" dialog every time Mile Bones starts, check this checkbox and fill in a name in the "Default name:" edit box.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} savegame}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Save Game Dialog Box}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 605}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Save Game}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Save Game Dialog Box}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 You can use the "Game / Save game as..." dialog box to save a game in progress.  Just select the directory you wish so save to from the "Directories:" listbox, and enter a filename in the "Filename:" listbox.  You should}{\f4 
 give the file a .mbg extension so it will be easy to find later.  To load the game at a later time, use the }{\f4\uldb Load Game}{\v\f4 loadgame}{\f4  dialog box.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} loadgame}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Load Game Dialog Box}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 604}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Load Game}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Load Game Dialog Box}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
You can use the "Game / Load game..." dialog box to load a previously saved game.  Use the "Directories:" listbox to select the directory where you saved the game, and double-click the file in the listbox, or type it into the "Filename:" editbox and press
}{\f4  Enter.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} battle}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Battle Pile}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Battle Pile}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 This is where you play a Go card so you may play mileage.  If the computer plays a }{\f4\uldb Hazard}{\v\f4 dhazard}{\f4  card here, you must play the correct }{\f4\uldb Remedy}{\v\f4 dremedy}{\f4  or }{\f4\uldb Safety}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4 
 card to remove it.  You can also play a Safety card here at any other time, whether you need to or not.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} speedlim}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Speed Limit Pile}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Speed Limit Pile}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Here is where the computer will play its Speed Limit cards on you.  You then must play an End of Limit here before you can play any mileage card larger tha}{\f4 n 50.  A Right of Way card will permanently remove a Speed Limit.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} safeties}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Safeties}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Safeties}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Any }{\f4\uldb Safeties}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4  you have played will be shown here.  If you play a }{\f4\uldb Coup Fourr}{\f4\uldb \'e9}{\v\f4 dcoup}{\f4 , the Safety will be outlined in red.  You actually play safeties on your }{\f4\uldb Battle pile}{
\v\f4 battle}{\f4 , not here.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} mileage}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Mileage}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Mileage}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 This is where you play Mileage cards, if you can go.  This area also displays}{\f4  your current mileage total.  You need to play exactly 700 total miles to win, or exactly 1000 miles under an }{\f4\uldb extension}{\v\f4 extension}{\f4 .}{\f4 

\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} draw}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Draw Deck}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Draw Deck}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Click on this square at the start of your turn to draw a card.  The number of cards remaining in the deck is displayed in the status bar at the bottom of the screen.  If all cards have been drawn from the deck, this square will read "Out".}{\f4 

\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} myhand}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Your Hand}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Your Hand}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 These seven squares display your hand.  You can click on one of the cards to select it, drag it to where you want to play it, then let go of the mouse button to drop the card.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} discard}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Discard}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Discard}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 If you want to discard one of the cards in your hand, click on it, drag it to this square, and let go of the mouse button to discard.  You must either play or discard a card to complete your turn.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} cbattle}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computer's Battle Pile}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Computer's Battle Pile}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 This is where you play }{\f4\uldb Hazard}{\v\f4 dhazard}{\f4  cards on the computer, if it currently has a Go displayed.  The computer plays its }{\f4\uldb Remedy}{\v\f4 dremedy}{\f4  and }{\f4\uldb Safety}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4 
 cards here to remove your Hazards.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} cspeedlim}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computer's Speed Limit Pile}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Computer's Speed Limit Pile}{\b\f4 

\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 You play any Speed Limit cards against the computer here.  The computer then must play an End of Limit here to remove the Speed Limit before it can play mileage cards larger than 50.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} csafeties}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computer's Safeties}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Computer's Safeties}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 Any }{\f4\uldb Safeties}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4  the c}{\f4 omputer has played are shown in this area.  Any cards outlined in red are }{\f4\uldb Coup Fourr}{\f4\uldb \'e9}{\v\f4 dcoup}{\f4 s.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} cmileage}}{\f4  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computer's Mileage}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Computer's Mileage}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 This square displays the total mileage the computer has played during the game.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} dhazard}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Hazard:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 
You can play Hazard cards on the computer (if you have them) to hinder the computer's progress towards the 700 or 1000 mile goal.  Of course, the computer can do the same to you!  The five hazard cards are Out of Gas, Flat Tire, Accident, Speed Limit, and
}{\f4  Stop.  To remove a Hazard card, you must play a }{\f4\uldb Remedy}{\v\f4 dremedy}{\f4  or }{\f4\uldb Safety}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4 .   }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} dremedy}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Remedy:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 Remedy cards are used to counteract the }{\f4\uldb Hazard}{\v\f4 dhazard}{\f4  cards the computer plays on you (or vice versa).  The five cards are:  Gasoline, Spare Tire, Re}{\f4 
pairs, End of Limit, and Go.  These cards are only temporary; if you use a Go to remove a Stop, the computer can play another Stop on you.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} dsafety}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Safety:}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 In contrast to }{\f4\uldb Remedy}{\v\f4 dremedy}{\f4  cards, Safeties counteract }{\f4\uldb Hazards}{\v\f4 dhazard}{\f4 
 permanently (well, at least until the current game ends).  Unlike Remedies, Safeties can be played whether or not a Hazard has been played on you.  After you play a Safety, it will still be your turn, so you can draw another card and play again.  If you 
}{\f4 are lucky enough to get and play all four Safeties (Extra Tank, Puncture Proof, Driving Ace, and Right of Way) during a game, you will be unstoppable!}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 If you have a Safety in your hand when the computer plays the corresponding Hazard on you, you can }{\f4\uldb Coup}{\f4\uldb  Fourr}{\f4\uldb \'e9}{\v\f4 dcoup}{\f4  by immediately playing the Safety (before drawing a card) and pick up bonus points!
}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} dcoup}}{\f4  }{\b\f4 Coup Fourr}{\b\f4 \'e9}{\b\f4 :}{\b\f4 
\par }{\f4 Playing the correct }{\f4\uldb Safety}{\v\f4 dsafety}{\f4  card to counteract a }{\f4\uldb Hazard}{\v\f4 dhazard}{\f4  which the computer played on you is called a Coup Fourr}{\f4 \'e9}{\f4 
 (or counterattack in English).  If the computer plays a Hazard on you during its turn, you should not draw a card at the start of your turn, but instead select the correct Safety (an Extra Tank to counter an Out of Gas, for example) if you have it, and p
}{\f4 lay it o}{\f4 
n your Battle pile.  This will net you 400 points (instead of the standard 100 for playing a normal Safety).  You will automatically be given two cards off the Draw Deck (if it isn't empty) and it will still be your turn.  You will see }{\f4 
a red outline around the Safety when it is displayed on the screen.  The computer can also do a Coup Fourr}{\f4 \'e9}{\f4 , so be careful.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }}