{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Andre Needham}{\operator Andre Needham}
{\creatim\yr1991\mo8\dy15\hr13\min57}{\revtim\yr1991\mo8\dy15\hr13\min57}{\version2}{\edmins51}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} index}}{\f2  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} index} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} 050} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Index; Copyright; Shareware; New Features} }{
\b\f2 Mile Bones 2.2
\par (C) 1994 by Andr\'e9 Needham
\par }{\f2 
\par New Features for version 2.2:
\par 
\par Most of the new additions to version 2.2 involve ease-of-use.  All dialog boxes now have "Help" buttons so you can get detailed help on all the options available in the dialog boxes.
\par 
\par On the Game menu there are three new options.  "Save game as..." and "Load game..." which will allow you to save a game in progress and load it later to finish it.  "Replay same game" will allow you to play the same game over (an identically shuffled deck
 of cards) so you can try a different strategy to beat the computer.
\par 
\par There's a new Move menu with an Undo option, so if you make a move you don't like, you can undo it.
\par 
\par I also fixed a minor bug in the computer's scoring (in some cases it was receiving 200 points instead of 100 for playing a Safety).
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Index:
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Introduction}{\v\f2 intro}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Playing the game:}{\v\f2 playing}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Where can a card be played?}{\v\f2 wherecard}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb When can a card be played?}{\v\f2 whencard}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb What is an extension?}{\v\f2 extension}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb End of game}{\v\f2 endgame}{\f2 
\par 
\par      If you have any questions, suggestions, or comments about this game, feel free to write me at the address below.  Also, if you really enjoy the game and play it more than a few times, feel free to send money.  $10 is t
he minimum suggested amount.  This will register you as an owner of the program, and you will receive news of any new versions of the software, any bugs (not!), etc.
\par 
\par Many thanks to the people who sent in $10 for versions 2.0 and 2.1.  I'm sure there are many more of you out there playing Mile Bones who haven't registered.  Now that you've got the new, improved version, how about it?  You're probably just going to wast
e the $10 on lottery tickets or something.  Send it to me instead - I'll put it to good use!
\par 
\par Thank you for supporting shareware!
\par 
\par Andr\'e9 Needham
\par P.O. Box 2516
\par Renton, WA  98056
\par 
\par }}